c:\users\chemidong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\bin\Debug\HMS_Sprint1.exe.config
c:\users\chemidong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\obj\Debug\HMS_Sprint1.frmMain.resources
c:\users\chemidong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\obj\Debug\HMS_Sprint1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\chemidong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\obj\Debug\HMS_Sprint1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\chemidong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\bin\Debug\HMS_Sprint1.exe
c:\users\chemidong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\bin\Debug\HMS_Sprint1.pdb
c:\users\chemidong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\obj\Debug\HMS_Sprint1.exe
c:\users\chemidong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\obj\Debug\HMS_Sprint1.pdb
c:\users\chemidong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\obj\Debug\HMS_Sprint1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\chemidong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\chemidong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\chemidong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\chemidong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\chemidong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\chemidong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\chemidong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\chemidong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\chemidong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\obj\Debug\HMS_Sprint1.frmSignup.resources
C:\Users\chemidong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\obj\Debug\HMS_Sprint1.frmMain2.resources
C:\Users\chemidong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\bin\Debug\HMS_Sprint1.exe.config
C:\Users\chemidong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\obj\Debug\HMS_Sprint1.exe
C:\Users\chemidong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\obj\Debug\HMS_Sprint1.pdb
C:\Users\chemidong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\bin\Debug\HMS_Sprint1.exe
C:\Users\chemidong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\bin\Debug\HMS_Sprint1.pdb
C:\Users\chemidong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\chemidong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\chemidong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\chemidong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\chemidong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\chemidong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\chemidong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\chemidong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\chemidong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\obj\Debug\HMS_Sprint1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\chemidong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\obj\Debug\HMS_Sprint1.frmMain.resources
C:\Users\chemidong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\obj\Debug\HMS_Sprint1.frmMain2.resources
C:\Users\chemidong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\obj\Debug\HMS_Sprint1.frmSignup.resources
C:\Users\chemidong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\obj\Debug\HMS_Sprint1.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\chemidong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\obj\Debug\HMS_Sprint1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\chemidong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.dll
C:\Users\chemidong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
C:\Users\chemidong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
C:\Users\chemidong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\HMS_Sprint1\obj\Debug\HMS_Sprint1.frmPayment.resources
